update pr-review doc (#84)
All-Hands-AI/docs: sdk/guides/github-workflows/pr-review.mdx

# 2. Configure secrets in GitHub Settings → Secrets
# Add: LLM_API_KEY

# 3. (Optional) Create a "review-this" label in your repository
# Go to Issues → Labels → New label
# You can also trigger reviews by requesting "openhands-agent" as a reviewer
```

## Features

- **Fast Reviews** - Results posted on the PR in only 2 or 3 minutes
- **Comprehensive Analysis** - Analyzes the changes given the repository context. Covers code quality, security, best practices
- **GitHub Integration** - Posts comments directly to the PR

## Security 

> - **Secure by Design** - Only users with write access (maintainers) can trigger reviews by requesting `openhands-agent` as a reviewer or adding the `review-this` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users with write access (maintainers) can trigger reviews by requesting `openhands-agent` as a reviewer or adding the `review-this` label.
- Maintainers need to read the PR to make sure it's safe to run.
```
